World Wide Web vs Internet - 

The internet: 
- Interconnected networks (billions) all over the world work together to share info

The internet uses many methods to transfer information. The most common is the WWW. Uses HTTP to transfer data.
We use Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) to access this information through a web browser

Two main components:
1. Server
- Stores a lot of files
2. Client
- Accesses these files

Domain names:
Easy to read (human) name for a website
WWW uses DNS to convert the domain name into an IP Address, take you to the site

Client -> domain name -> DNS -> IP Address -> Server -> Back to Client

Intro to programming -

Wireframes:
Blueprint of a website. Shows how a user can navigate the different pages, etc. Similar to a mockup?
Example picture in folder

Wireframes are passed to visual designers (look and feel, color, typography, layout, etc.) and developer teams
simultaneously.

Developers:
Front-end bring the website to life. HTML, CSS, JS.
Back-end write code to manage and interact with DBs. PHP, Python, and Ruby are examples.

Front-end handles experience. Drop down menus, inline validation, etc.
Back-end handles routing. Displaying correct web pages, logging in/out, updating information, etc.

Front to back:

Bank example -
1. User navigates to bank website
 - Everything on screen is front-end including login prompt
 - Login request triggers back-end code
2. Back-end verifies login and kicks account information back to front-end
3. Front-end displays all account info to customer

Think like a developer -

Plan ahead:
Have a layout. Create every part of your website one piece at a time, ensuring each piece is functional before moving
onto the next

Give everything useful, descriptive, simple names. duck.jpg. Use conventions. Perhaps only use lowercase letters so you
always know.

Google everything. Use:
w3schools.com
codepen.io
stackoverflow.com

Inspect element feature in chrome is useful for viewing code on any website

Additional resource:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/
https://validator.w3.org/
http://csslint.net/
http://jslint.com/
JSBin, JSFiddle, repl.it for online code editing
